[Music]
hey check it out we're here
welcome to key house I could never get
your father we talked about his life
here my kids need a home does it have to
be this one
[Music]
yes
camps is filled with amazing keys
listen through them
they whisper you heard that
[Applause]
[Music]
holy crap
cuz I knew this possible
[Music]
this isn't a game we don't know what
these Keys unlock
meeow meeow you have no idea what's
coming
there is a crazy evil thing who wants
these keys
[Music]
these aren't toys the weapons
these caves
there are legacy
there's something I can access with dad
the past is always with us
you're gonna try it on way
it's always there
[Music]
whatever you think you understand about
those keys you don't
you